azure open byok ga (#7067)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

#### Also available this month

> - **New**: Bring your own [Azure OpenAI key](/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok) for dbt Copilot is now generally available. Organizations can configure dbt Copilot to use their own Azure OpenAI keys, giving you more control over data governance and billing.

Reviewer: Keeping the tense consistent
```suggestion
- **New**: Bringing your own [Azure OpenAI key](/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok) for dbt Copilot is now generally available. Your organization can configure dbt Copilot to use your own Azure OpenAI keys, giving you more control over data governance and billing.
```

> - **New**: Bringing your own [Azure OpenAI key](/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok) for dbt Copilot is now generally available. Your organization can configure dbt Copilot to use your own Azure OpenAI keys, giving you more control over data governance and billing.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: Bringing your own [Azure OpenAI key](/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok) for [dbt Copilot](/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot) is now generally available. Your organization can configure dbt Copilot to use your own Azure OpenAI keys, giving you more control over data governance and billing.
```
